[
"CdS(mp-672) is Wurtzite structured and crystallizes in the hexagonal P6₃mc space group. Cd²⁺ is bonded to four equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form corner-sharing CdS₄ tetrahedra. All Cd-S bond lengths are 2.55 Å. S²⁻ is bonded to four equivalent Cd²⁺ atoms to form corner-sharing SCd₄ tetrahedra.", 
"CdS(mp-2469) is Zincblende, Sphalerite structured and crystallizes in the cubic F̅43m space group. Cd²⁺ is bonded to four equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form corner-sharing CdS₄ tetrahedra. All Cd-S bond lengths are 2.55 Å. S²⁻ is bonded to four equivalent Cd²⁺ atoms to form corner-sharing SCd₄ tetrahedra.",
"CdS(mp-2771569) is Boron Nitride-like structured and crystallizes in the trigonal P3m1 space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of one CdS sheet oriented in the (0, 0, 1) direction. Cd²⁺ is bonded in a trigonal planar geometry to three equivalent S²⁻ atoms. All Cd-S bond lengths are 2.46 Å. S²⁻ is bonded in a trigonal planar geometry to three equivalent Cd²⁺ atoms.",
"CdS(mp-1021511) is Boron Nitride-like structured and crystallizes in the trigonal P3m1 space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of one CdS sheet oriented in the (0, 0, 1) direction. Cd²⁺ is bonded in a trigonal planar geometry to three equivalent S²⁻ atoms. All Cd-S bond lengths are 2.46 Å. S²⁻ is bonded in a trigonal planar geometry to three equivalent Cd²⁺ atoms.",
"CdTe(mp-406) is Zincblende, Sphalerite structured and crystallizes in the cubic F̅43m space group. Cd²⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Te²⁻ atoms to form corner-sharing CdTe₄ tetrahedra. All Cd-Te bond lengths are 2.84 Å. Te²⁻ is bonded to four equivalent Cd²⁺ atoms to form corner-sharing TeCd₄ tetrahedra.",
"CdTe(mp-12779) is Wurtzite structured and crystallizes in the hexagonal P6₃mc space group. Cd²⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Te²⁻ atoms to form corner-sharing CdTe₄ tetrahedra. There are three shorter (2.84 Å) and one longer (2.85 Å) Cd-Te bond length. Te²⁻ is bonded to four equivalent Cd²⁺ atoms to form corner-sharing TeCd₄ tetrahedra.",
"CdTe(mp-1492) crystallizes in the trigonal P3_121 space group. Cd²⁺ is bonded in a distorted rectangular see-saw-like geometry to four equivalent Te²⁻ atoms. There are two shorter (2.89 Å) and two longer (2.91 Å) Cd-Te bond lengths. Te²⁻ is bonded in a distorted rectangular see-saw-like geometry to four equivalent Cd²⁺ atoms.",
"CdTe(mp-2388) is Halite, Rock Salt structured and crystallizes in the cubic Fm̅3m space group. Cd²⁺ is bonded to six equivalent Te²⁻ atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing CdTe₆ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedra are not tilted. All Cd-Te bond lengths are 3.07 Å. Te²⁻ is bonded to six equivalent Cd²⁺ atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing TeCd₆ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedra are not tilted.",
"CdTe(mp-1066480) is Halite, Rock Salt-like structured and crystallizes in the orthorhombic Cmcm space group. Cd²⁺ is bonded to six equivalent Te²⁻ atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing CdTe₆ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles range from 0-10°. There are a spread of Cd-Te bond distances ranging from 3.03-3.16 Å. Te²⁻ is bonded to six equivalent Cd²⁺ atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing TeCd₆ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles range from 0-10°.",
"CdTe(mp-1008471) is Millerite-like structured and crystallizes in the orthorhombic Cmcm space group. Cd²⁺ is bonded to five equivalent Te²⁻ atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing CdTe₅ trigonal bipyramids. There are a spread of Cd-Te bond distances ranging from 2.95-3.04 Å. Te²⁻ is bonded to five equivalent Cd²⁺ atoms to form a mixture of distorted corner and edge-sharing TeCd₅ square pyramids.",
"ZnSe(mp-1190) is Zincblende, Sphalerite structured and crystallizes in the cubic F̅43m space group. Zn²⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Se²⁻ atoms to form corner-sharing ZnSe₄ tetrahedra. All Zn-Se bond lengths are 2.45 Å. Se²⁻ is bonded to four equivalent Zn²⁺ atoms to form corner-sharing SeZn₄ tetrahedra.",
"ZnSe₂(mp-1102515) is Pyrite structured and crystallizes in the cubic Pa̅3 space group. Zn²⁺ is bonded to six equivalent Se¹⁻ atoms to form ZnSe₆ octahedra that share corners with twelve equivalent ZnSe₆ octahedra and corners with six equivalent SeZn₃Se tetrahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles are 66°. All Zn-Se bond lengths are 2.68 Å. Se¹⁻ is bonded to three equivalent Zn²⁺ and one Se¹⁻ atom to form distorted SeZn₃Se tetrahedra that share corners with three equivalent ZnSe₆ octahedra and corners with fifteen equivalent SeZn₃Se tetrahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles are 76°. The Se-Se bond length is 2.40 Å.",
"ZnSe(mp-380) is Wurtzite structured and crystallizes in the hexagonal P6₃mc space group. Zn²⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Se²⁻ atoms to form corner-sharing ZnSe₄ tetrahedra. There are three shorter (2.45 Å) and one longer (2.46 Å) Zn-Se bond length. Se²⁻ is bonded to four equivalent Zn²⁺ atoms to form corner-sharing SeZn₄ tetrahedra.",
"ZnSe(mp-569679) is lead oxide structured and crystallizes in the tetragonal P4/nmm space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of one ZnSe sheet oriented in the (0, 0, 1) direction. Zn²⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Se²⁻ atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing ZnSe₄ tetrahedra. All Zn-Se bond lengths are 2.54 Å. Se²⁻ is bonded in a 4-coordinate geometry to four equivalent Zn²⁺ atoms.",
"ZnTe(mp-2176) is Zincblende, Sphalerite structured and crystallizes in the cubic F̅43m space group. Zn²⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Te²⁻ atoms to form corner-sharing ZnTe₄ tetrahedra. All Zn-Te bond lengths are 2.65 Å. Te²⁻ is bonded to four equivalent Zn²⁺ atoms to form corner-sharing TeZn₄ tetrahedra.",
"ZnTe(mp-571195) is Moissanite-4H-like structured and crystallizes in the trigonal P3₁ space group. Zn²⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Te²⁻ atoms to form corner-sharing ZnTe₄ tetrahedra. There are a spread of Zn-Te bond distances ranging from 2.67-2.69 Å. Te²⁻ is bonded to four equivalent Zn²⁺ atoms to form corner-sharing TeZn₄ tetrahedra.",
"ZnTe(mp-8884) is Wurtzite structured and crystallizes in the hexagonal P6₃mc space group. Zn²⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Te²⁻ atoms to form corner-sharing ZnTe₄ tetrahedra. All Zn-Te bond lengths are 2.65 Å. Te²⁻ is bonded to four equivalent Zn²⁺ atoms to form corner-sharing TeZn₄ tetrahedra.",
"CuInSe₂(mp-22811) is Chalcopyrite structured and crystallizes in the tetragonal I̅42d space group. Cu¹⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Se²⁻ atoms to form CuSe₄ tetrahedra that share corners with four equivalent CuSe₄ tetrahedra and corners with eight equivalent InSe₄ tetrahedra. All Cu-Se bond lengths are 2.42 Å. In³⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Se²⁻ atoms to form InSe₄ tetrahedra that share corners with four equivalent InSe₄ tetrahedra and corners with eight equivalent CuSe₄ tetrahedra. All In-Se bond lengths are 2.62 Å. Se²⁻ is bonded to two equivalent Cu¹⁺ and two equivalent In³⁺ atoms to form corner-sharing SeIn₂Cu₂ tetrahedra.",
"CuInSe₂(mp-1223971) is Enargite-like structured and crystallizes in the tetragonal P̅4m2 space group. Cu¹⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Se²⁻ atoms to form CuSe₄ tetrahedra that share corners with four equivalent CuSe₄ tetrahedra and corners with eight equivalent InSe₄ tetrahedra. All Cu-Se bond lengths are 2.44 Å. In³⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Se²⁻ atoms to form InSe₄ tetrahedra that share corners with four equivalent InSe₄ tetrahedra and corners with eight equivalent CuSe₄ tetrahedra. All In-Se bond lengths are 2.65 Å. Se²⁻ is bonded to two equivalent Cu¹⁺ and two equivalent In³⁺ atoms to form corner-sharing SeIn₂Cu₂ tetrahedra.",
"CuGaSe₂(mp-4840) is Chalcopyrite structured and crystallizes in the tetragonal I̅42d space group. Cu¹⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Se²⁻ atoms to form CuSe₄ tetrahedra that share corners with four equivalent CuSe₄ tetrahedra and corners with eight equivalent GaSe₄ tetrahedra. All Cu-Se bond lengths are 2.41 Å. Ga³⁺ is bonded to four equivalent Se²⁻ atoms to form GaSe₄ tetrahedra that share corners with four equivalent GaSe₄ tetrahedra and corners with eight equivalent CuSe₄ tetrahedra. All Ga-Se bond lengths are 2.43 Å. Se²⁻ is bonded to two equivalent Cu¹⁺ and two equivalent Ga³⁺ atoms to form corner-sharing SeGa₂Cu₂ tetrahedra.",
"Si(mp-1203790) is Clathrate-like structured and crystallizes in the hexagonal P6₃/mmc space group. There are seven inequivalent Si sites. In the first Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are a spread of Si-Si bond distances ranging from 2.36-2.39 Å. In the second Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There is one shorter (2.34 Å) and one longer (2.36 Å) Si-Si bond length. In the third Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. All Si-Si bond lengths are 2.36 Å. In the fourth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.32 Å. In the fifth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.39 Å. In the sixth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. Both Si-Si bond lengths are 2.36 Å. In the seventh Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra.",
"Si(mp-971661) is Theoretical Carbon Structure-like structured and crystallizes in the cubic I̅43m space group. There are four inequivalent Si sites. In the first Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are a spread of Si-Si bond distances ranging from 2.34-2.41 Å. In the second Si site, Si is bonded to four equivalent Si atoms to form distorted corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. In the third Si site, Si is bonded to four equivalent Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. All Si-Si bond lengths are 2.36 Å. In the fourth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra.",
"Si(mp-1196961) is Clathrate-like structured and crystallizes in the hexagonal P6/mmm space group. There are five inequivalent Si sites. In the first Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are a spread of Si-Si bond distances ranging from 2.32-2.37 Å. In the second Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are two shorter (2.39 Å) and two longer (2.46 Å) Si-Si bond lengths. In the third Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.44 Å. In the fourth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. Both Si-Si bond lengths are 2.33 Å. In the fifth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.32 Å.",
"Si(mp-1201492) is Clathrate-like structured and crystallizes in the cubic Pa̅3 space group. There are eleven inequivalent Si sites. In the first Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There is one shorter (2.38 Å) and three longer (2.40 Å) Si-Si bond lengths. In the second Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are a spread of Si-Si bond distances ranging from 2.37-2.39 Å. In the third Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form a mixture of distorted corner and edge-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are two shorter (2.32 Å) and two longer (2.33 Å) Si-Si bond lengths. In the fourth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.33 Å. In the fifth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There is one shorter (2.37 Å) and one longer (2.45 Å) Si-Si bond length. In the sixth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are a spread of Si-Si bond distances ranging from 2.38-2.41 Å. In the seventh Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.37 Å. In the eighth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.37 Å. In the ninth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.37 Å. In the tenth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. In the eleventh Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra.",
"Si(mp-1199894) is Clathrate-like structured and crystallizes in the monoclinic C2/c space group. There are twenty-one inequivalent Si sites. In the first Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are a spread of Si-Si bond distances ranging from 2.33-2.43 Å. In the second Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are a spread of Si-Si bond distances ranging from 2.32-2.34 Å. In the third Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are two shorter (2.34 Å) and one longer (2.36 Å) Si-Si bond length. In the fourth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are a spread of Si-Si bond distances ranging from 2.34-2.37 Å. In the fifth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There is one shorter (2.37 Å) and one longer (2.38 Å) Si-Si bond length. In the sixth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are two shorter (2.36 Å) and two longer (2.37 Å) Si-Si bond lengths. In the seventh Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. Both Si-Si bond lengths are 2.34 Å. In the eighth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There is one shorter (2.34 Å) and two longer (2.37 Å) Si-Si bond lengths. In the ninth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.31 Å. In the tenth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are a spread of Si-Si bond distances ranging from 2.33-2.40 Å. In the eleventh Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.33 Å. In the twelfth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There is one shorter (2.32 Å) and one longer (2.35 Å) Si-Si bond length. In the thirteenth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. Both Si-Si bond lengths are 2.36 Å. In the fourteenth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.36 Å. In the fifteenth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.36 Å. In the sixteenth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There is one shorter (2.36 Å) and one longer (2.39 Å) Si-Si bond length. In the seventeenth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.37 Å. In the eighteenth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There is one shorter (2.34 Å) and one longer (2.38 Å) Si-Si bond length. In the nineteenth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.36 Å. In the twentieth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. In the twenty-first Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra.",
"Si(mp-1200830) is Theoretical Carbon Structure-like structured and crystallizes in the cubic I̅43m space group. There are four inequivalent Si sites. In the first Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There are a spread of Si-Si bond distances ranging from 2.33-2.37 Å. In the second Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. There is one shorter (2.34 Å) and three longer (2.38 Å) Si-Si bond lengths. In the third Si site, Si is bonded to four equivalent Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. In the fourth Si site, Si is bonded to four Si atoms to form corner-sharing SiSi₄ tetrahedra. The Si-Si bond length is 2.39 Å.",
"GaAs(mp-2534) is Zincblende, Sphalerite structured and crystallizes in the cubic F̅43m space group. Ga³⁺ is bonded to four equivalent As³⁻ atoms to form corner-sharing GaAs₄ tetrahedra. All Ga-As bond lengths are 2.49 Å. As³⁻ is bonded to four equivalent Ga³⁺ atoms to form corner-sharing AsGa₄ tetrahedra.",
"GaAs(mp-603640) crystallizes in the orthorhombic Imm2 space group. Ga³⁺ is bonded in a distorted see-saw-like geometry to four equivalent As³⁻ atoms. There are two shorter (2.67 Å) and two longer (2.69 Å) Ga-As bond lengths. As³⁻ is bonded in a distorted see-saw-like geometry to four equivalent Ga³⁺ atoms.",
"GaAs(mp-1059094) is High Pressure Cadmuum Telluride structured and crystallizes in the orthorhombic Pmm2 space group. Ga¹⁺ is bonded in a distorted bent 150 degrees geometry to two equivalent As¹⁻ atoms. Both Ga-As bond lengths are 2.82 Å. As¹⁻ is bonded in a 6-coordinate geometry to two equivalent Ga¹⁺ and four equivalent As¹⁻ atoms. There are two shorter (2.68 Å) and two longer (2.82 Å) As-As bond lengths.",
"Cu₂ZnSnS₄(mp-1079541) is Stannite-like structured and crystallizes in the tetragonal I̅4 space group. There are two inequivalent Cu¹⁺ sites. In the first Cu¹⁺ site, Cu¹⁺ is bonded to four equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form CuS₄ tetrahedra that share corners with four equivalent CuS₄ tetrahedra, corners with four equivalent ZnS₄ tetrahedra, and corners with four equivalent SnS₄ tetrahedra. All Cu-S bond lengths are 2.30 Å. In the second Cu¹⁺ site, Cu¹⁺ is bonded to four equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form CuS₄ tetrahedra that share corners with four equivalent CuS₄ tetrahedra, corners with four equivalent ZnS₄ tetrahedra, and corners with four equivalent SnS₄ tetrahedra. All Cu-S bond lengths are 2.30 Å. Zn²⁺ is bonded to four equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form ZnS₄ tetrahedra that share corners with four equivalent SnS₄ tetrahedra and corners with eight CuS₄ tetrahedra. All Zn-S bond lengths are 2.34 Å. Sn⁴⁺ is bonded to four equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form SnS₄ tetrahedra that share corners with four equivalent ZnS₄ tetrahedra and corners with eight CuS₄ tetrahedra. All Sn-S bond lengths are 2.44 Å. S²⁻ is bonded to two Cu¹⁺, one Zn²⁺, and one Sn⁴⁺ atom to form corner-sharing SZnCu₂Sn tetrahedra.",
"Cu₂ZnSnS₄(mp-1190224) is Stannite-like structured and crystallizes in the orthorhombic Pmn2₁ space group. Cu²⁺ is bonded to four S²⁻ atoms to form CuS₄ tetrahedra that share corners with four equivalent CuS₄ tetrahedra, corners with four equivalent ZnS₄ tetrahedra, and corners with four equivalent SnS₄ tetrahedra. There are three shorter (2.32 Å) and one longer (2.34 Å) Cu-S bond length. Zn²⁺ is bonded to four S²⁻ atoms to form ZnS₄ tetrahedra that share corners with four equivalent SnS₄ tetrahedra and corners with eight equivalent CuS₄ tetrahedra. There are a spread of Zn-S bond distances ranging from 2.36-2.39 Å. Sn²⁺ is bonded to four S²⁻ atoms to form SnS₄ tetrahedra that share corners with four equivalent ZnS₄ tetrahedra and corners with eight equivalent CuS₄ tetrahedra. There are three shorter (2.47 Å) and one longer (2.48 Å) Sn-S bond length. There are three inequivalent S²⁻ sites. In the first S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded to two equivalent Cu²⁺, one Zn²⁺, and one Sn²⁺ atom to form corner-sharing SZnCu₂Sn tetrahedra. In the second S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded to two equivalent Cu²⁺, one Zn²⁺, and one Sn²⁺ atom to form corner-sharing SZnCu₂Sn tetrahedra. In the third S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded to two equivalent Cu²⁺, one Zn²⁺, and one Sn²⁺ atom to form corner-sharing SZnCu₂Sn tetrahedra.",
"PbS(mp-1078500) is High Pressure (4-7GPa) Tellurium-derived structured and crystallizes in the orthorhombic Pnma space group. Pb²⁺ is bonded to six equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form a mixture of distorted corner and edge-sharing PbS₆ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles range from 9-22°. There are a spread of Pb-S bond distances ranging from 2.75-3.42 Å. S²⁻ is bonded to six equivalent Pb²⁺ atoms to form a mixture of distorted corner and edge-sharing SPb₆ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles range from 9-11°.",
"PbS(mp-1018115) crystallizes in the orthorhombic Cmcm space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of two PbS sheets oriented in the (0, 1, 0) direction. Pb²⁺ is bonded to five equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing PbS₅ square pyramids. There is one shorter (2.69 Å) and four longer (2.99 Å) Pb-S bond lengths. S²⁻ is bonded to five equivalent Pb²⁺ atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing SPb₅ square pyramids.",
"PbS(mp-727323) crystallizes in the monoclinic C2/m space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of one PbS sheet oriented in the (0, 0, 1) direction. Pb²⁺ is bonded to five equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing PbS₅ square pyramids. There is one shorter (2.66 Å) and four longer (2.99 Å) Pb-S bond lengths. S²⁻ is bonded in a single-bond geometry to five equivalent Pb²⁺ atoms.",
"PbS(mp-1087486) crystallizes in the monoclinic P2₁/m space group. There are two inequivalent Pb²⁺ sites. In the first Pb²⁺ site, Pb²⁺ is bonded in a rectangular see-saw-like geometry to four S²⁻ atoms. There are a spread of Pb-S bond distances ranging from 2.73-3.08 Å. In the second Pb²⁺ site, Pb²⁺ is bonded to six S²⁻ atoms to form a mixture of distorted corner and edge-sharing PbS₆ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles are 11°. There are a spread of Pb-S bond distances ranging from 2.76-3.48 Å. There are two inequivalent S²⁻ sites. In the first S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded to five Pb²⁺ atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing SPb₅ trigonal bipyramids. In the second S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded in a 5-coordinate geometry to five Pb²⁺ atoms.",
"PbS(mp-1079101) crystallizes in the orthorhombic Amm2 space group. There are three inequivalent Pb²⁺ sites. In the first Pb²⁺ site, Pb²⁺ is bonded in a 5-coordinate geometry to five S²⁻ atoms. There are a spread of Pb-S bond distances ranging from 2.65-3.27 Å. In the second Pb²⁺ site, Pb²⁺ is bonded in a 4-coordinate geometry to four S²⁻ atoms. There are two shorter (2.65 Å) and two longer (3.04 Å) Pb-S bond lengths. In the third Pb²⁺ site, Pb²⁺ is bonded to six S²⁻ atoms to form distorted face-sharing PbS₆ pentagonal pyramids. There are two shorter (2.87 Å) and four longer (3.15 Å) Pb-S bond lengths. There are three inequivalent S²⁻ sites. In the first S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded to five Pb²⁺ atoms to form distorted SPb₅ trigonal bipyramids that share corners with three equivalent SPb₅ trigonal bipyramids, edges with two equivalent SPb₄ tetrahedra, and edges with three equivalent SPb₅ trigonal bipyramids. In the second S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded to four Pb²⁺ atoms to form SPb₄ tetrahedra that share corners with two equivalent SPb₄ tetrahedra and edges with four equivalent SPb₅ trigonal bipyramids. In the third S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded in a 6-coordinate geometry to six Pb²⁺ atoms.",
"BiTeBr(mp-33723) crystallizes in the trigonal P3m1 space group. Bi³⁺ is bonded to three equivalent Te²⁻ and three equivalent Br¹⁻ atoms to form BiTe₃Br₃ octahedra that share corners with three equivalent TeBi₃Br₃ octahedra, edges with three equivalent TeBi₃Br₃ octahedra, and edges with six equivalent BiTe₃Br₃ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles are 15°. All Bi-Te bond lengths are 3.03 Å. All Bi-Br bond lengths are 3.11 Å. Te²⁻ is bonded to three equivalent Bi³⁺ and three equivalent Br¹⁻ atoms to form distorted TeBi₃Br₃ octahedra that share corners with three equivalent BiTe₃Br₃ octahedra, edges with three equivalent BiTe₃Br₃ octahedra, and edges with six equivalent TeBi₃Br₃ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles are 15°. All Te-Br bond lengths are 4.06 Å. Br¹⁻ is bonded in a 6-coordinate geometry to three equivalent Bi³⁺ and three equivalent Te²⁻ atoms.",
"CsPbBr₃(mp-567681) crystallizes in the orthorhombic Pnma space group. Cs¹⁺ is bonded in a 9-coordinate geometry to nine Br¹⁻ atoms. There are a spread of Cs-Br bond distances ranging from 3.70-3.91 Å. Pb²⁺ is bonded to six Br¹⁻ atoms to form edge-sharing PbBr₆ octahedra. There are a spread of Pb-Br bond distances ranging from 2.87-3.25 Å. There are three inequivalent Br¹⁻ sites. In the first Br¹⁻ site, Br¹⁻ is bonded to two equivalent Cs¹⁺ and three equivalent Pb²⁺ atoms to form distorted BrCs₂Pb₃ trigonal bipyramids that share corners with three equivalent BrCs₄Pb square pyramids, corners with four equivalent BrCs₂Pb₃ trigonal bipyramids, edges with four equivalent BrCs₄Pb square pyramids, and edges with two equivalent BrCs₂Pb₃ trigonal bipyramids. In the second Br¹⁻ site, Br¹⁻ is bonded to four equivalent Cs¹⁺ and one Pb²⁺ atom to form distorted BrCs₄Pb square pyramids that share corners with four equivalent BrCs₄Pb square pyramids, corners with three equivalent BrCs₂Pb₃ trigonal bipyramids, edges with four equivalent BrCs₄Pb square pyramids, and edges with four equivalent BrCs₂Pb₃ trigonal bipyramids. In the third Br¹⁻ site, Br¹⁻ is bonded in a 5-coordinate geometry to three equivalent Cs¹⁺ and two equivalent Pb²⁺ atoms.",
"CsPbBr₃(mp-567629) is Orthorhombic Perovskite structured and crystallizes in the orthorhombic Pnma space group. Cs¹⁺ is bonded in a 8-coordinate geometry to eight Br¹⁻ atoms. There are a spread of Cs-Br bond distances ranging from 3.70-4.01 Å. Pb²⁺ is bonded to six Br¹⁻ atoms to form corner-sharing PbBr₆ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles range from 19-27°. All Pb-Br bond lengths are 3.01 Å. There are two inequivalent Br¹⁻ sites. In the first Br¹⁻ site, Br¹⁻ is bonded in a distorted see-saw-like geometry to two equivalent Cs¹⁺ and two equivalent Pb²⁺ atoms. In the second Br¹⁻ site, Br¹⁻ is bonded to three equivalent Cs¹⁺ and two equivalent Pb²⁺ atoms to form a mixture of distorted corner and edge-sharing BrCs₃Pb₂ trigonal bipyramids.",
"CsPbBr₃(mp-600089) is (Cubic) Perovskite structured and crystallizes in the cubic Pm̅3m space group. Cs¹⁺ is bonded to twelve equivalent Br¹⁻ atoms to form CsBr₁₂ cuboctahedra that share corners with twelve equivalent CsBr₁₂ cuboctahedra, faces with six equivalent CsBr₁₂ cuboctahedra, and faces with eight equivalent PbBr₆ octahedra. All Cs-Br bond lengths are 4.21 Å. Pb²⁺ is bonded to six equivalent Br¹⁻ atoms to form PbBr₆ octahedra that share corners with six equivalent PbBr₆ octahedra and faces with eight equivalent CsBr₁₂ cuboctahedra. The corner-sharing octahedra are not tilted. All Pb-Br bond lengths are 2.97 Å. Br¹⁻ is bonded to four equivalent Cs¹⁺ and two equivalent Pb²⁺ atoms to form a mixture of distorted corner, edge, and face-sharing BrCs₄Pb₂ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles range from 0-60°.",
"NaBiTe₂(mp-1221102) is Caswellsilverite structured and crystallizes in the trigonal R̅3m space group. Na¹⁺ is bonded to six equivalent Te²⁻ atoms to form NaTe₆ octahedra that share corners with six equivalent BiTe₆ octahedra, edges with six equivalent NaTe₆ octahedra, and edges with six equivalent BiTe₆ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles are 3°. All Na-Te bond lengths are 3.26 Å. Bi³⁺ is bonded to six equivalent Te²⁻ atoms to form BiTe₆ octahedra that share corners with six equivalent NaTe₆ octahedra, edges with six equivalent NaTe₆ octahedra, and edges with six equivalent BiTe₆ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles are 3°. All Bi-Te bond lengths are 3.16 Å. Te²⁻ is bonded to three equivalent Na¹⁺ and three equivalent Bi³⁺ atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing TeNa₃Bi₃ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedra are not tilted.",
"Sb₂S₃(mp-2809) is Stibnite structured and crystallizes in the orthorhombic Pnma space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of two Sb₂S₃ sheets oriented in the (0, 0, 1) direction. There are two inequivalent Sb³⁺ sites. In the first Sb³⁺ site, Sb³⁺ is bonded to five S²⁻ atoms to form edge-sharing SbS₅ square pyramids. There are a spread of Sb-S bond distances ranging from 2.46-2.84 Å. In the second Sb³⁺ site, Sb³⁺ is bonded in a 6-coordinate geometry to six S²⁻ atoms. There are a spread of Sb-S bond distances ranging from 2.52-3.25 Å. There are three inequivalent S²⁻ sites. In the first S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded in a distorted water-like geometry to three equivalent Sb³⁺ atoms. In the second S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded to five Sb³⁺ atoms to form distorted edge-sharing SSb₅ square pyramids. In the third S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded in a distorted trigonal non-coplanar geometry to three Sb³⁺ atoms.",
"Sb₂S₃(mp-1189633) is Stibnite structured and crystallizes in the orthorhombic Pmn2₁ space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of two Sb₂S₃ sheets oriented in the (0, 0, 1) direction. There are four inequivalent Sb³⁺ sites. In the first Sb³⁺ site, Sb³⁺ is bonded in a 6-coordinate geometry to six S²⁻ atoms. There are a spread of Sb-S bond distances ranging from 2.55-3.26 Å. In the second Sb³⁺ site, Sb³⁺ is bonded to five S²⁻ atoms to form SbS₅ square pyramids that share corners with two equivalent SbS₆ octahedra, an edgeedge with one SbS₆ octahedra, and edges with four SbS₅ square pyramids. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles are 9°. There are a spread of Sb-S bond distances ranging from 2.49-2.86 Å. In the third Sb³⁺ site, Sb³⁺ is bonded to six S²⁻ atoms to form distorted SbS₆ octahedra that share corners with two equivalent SbS₅ square pyramids, edges with two equivalent SbS₆ octahedra, and edges with three SbS₅ square pyramids. There are a spread of Sb-S bond distances ranging from 2.57-3.19 Å. In the fourth Sb³⁺ site, Sb³⁺ is bonded to five S²⁻ atoms to form SbS₅ square pyramids that share edges with two equivalent SbS₆ octahedra and edges with four SbS₅ square pyramids. There are a spread of Sb-S bond distances ranging from 2.48-2.88 Å. There are six inequivalent S²⁻ sites. In the first S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded in a 3-coordinate geometry to three Sb³⁺ atoms. In the second S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded in a 3-coordinate geometry to three Sb³⁺ atoms. In the third S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded to five Sb³⁺ atoms to form distorted edge-sharing SSb₅ square pyramids. In the fourth S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded in a distorted water-like geometry to three Sb³⁺ atoms. In the fifth S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded in a distorted trigonal non-coplanar geometry to three Sb³⁺ atoms. In the sixth S²⁻ site, S²⁻ is bonded to five Sb³⁺ atoms to form distorted edge-sharing SSb₅ square pyramids.",
"SnS(mp-2231) is Hittorf-derived structured and crystallizes in the orthorhombic Pnma space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of two SnS sheets oriented in the (0, 0, 1) direction. Sn²⁺ is bonded in a distorted T-shaped geometry to three equivalent S²⁻ atoms. There is one shorter (2.63 Å) and two longer (2.65 Å) Sn-S bond lengths. S²⁻ is bonded in a trigonal non-coplanar geometry to three equivalent Sn²⁺ atoms.",
"SnS(mp-1379) crystallizes in the orthorhombic Cmcm space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of two SnS sheets oriented in the (0, 1, 0) direction. Sn²⁺ is bonded in a distorted rectangular see-saw-like geometry to four equivalent S²⁻ atoms. There are two shorter (2.58 Å) and two longer (2.90 Å) Sn-S bond lengths. S²⁻ is bonded to four equivalent Sn²⁺ atoms to form a mixture of distorted corner and edge-sharing SSn₄ trigonal pyramids.",
"SnS(mp-8781) crystallizes in the orthorhombic Aem2 space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of one SnS sheet oriented in the (0, 0, 1) direction. Sn²⁺ is bonded in a 4-coordinate geometry to four equivalent S²⁻ atoms. There are a spread of Sn-S bond distances ranging from 2.56-2.93 Å. S²⁻ is bonded in a 1-coordinate geometry to four equivalent Sn²⁺ atoms.",
"SnS(mp-727322) crystallizes in the triclinic P̅1 space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of one SnS sheet oriented in the (0, 0, 1) direction. Sn²⁺ is bonded to five equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form a mixture of distorted corner and edge-sharing SnS₅ square pyramids. There are a spread of Sn-S bond distances ranging from 2.55-2.93 Å. S²⁻ is bonded in a distorted single-bond geometry to five equivalent Sn²⁺ atoms.",
"SnS(mp-554134) is Indium-like structured and crystallizes in the orthorhombic Aem2 space group. The structure is zero-dimensional and consists of four SnS clusters. Sn²⁺ is bonded in a distorted single-bond geometry to one S²⁻ atom. The Sn-S bond length is 2.56 Å. S²⁻ is bonded in a distorted single-bond geometry to one Sn²⁺ atom.",
"FeS₂(mp-1522) is Marcasite structured and crystallizes in the orthorhombic Pnnm space group. Fe³⁺ is bonded to six equivalent S+1.50- atoms to form a mixture of corner and edge-sharing FeS₆ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles are 60°. There are two shorter (2.23 Å) and four longer (2.25 Å) Fe-S bond lengths. S+1.50- is bonded in a 3-coordinate geometry to three equivalent Fe³⁺ atoms.",
"FeS₂(mp-226) is Pyrite structured and crystallizes in the cubic Pa̅3 space group. Fe⁴⁺ is bonded to six equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form corner-sharing FeS₆ octahedra. The corner-sharing octahedral tilt angles are 65°. All Fe-S bond lengths are 2.26 Å. S²⁻ is bonded in a 4-coordinate geometry to three equivalent Fe⁴⁺ and one S²⁻ atom. The S-S bond length is 2.14 Å.",
"MoS₂(mp-1434) is Molybdenite-like structured and crystallizes in the trigonal R3m space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of three MoS₂ sheets oriented in the (0, 0, 1) direction. Mo⁴⁺ is bonded to six equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form distorted edge-sharing MoS₆ pentagonal pyramids. All Mo-S bond lengths are 2.41 Å. S²⁻ is bonded in a 3-coordinate geometry to three equivalent Mo⁴⁺ atoms.",
"MoS₂(mp-2815) is Molybdenite structured and crystallizes in the hexagonal P6₃/mmc space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of two MoS₂ sheets oriented in the (0, 0, 1) direction. Mo⁴⁺ is bonded to six equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form distorted edge-sharing MoS₆ pentagonal pyramids. All Mo-S bond lengths are 2.42 Å. S²⁻ is bonded in a 3-coordinate geometry to three equivalent Mo⁴⁺ atoms.",
"MoS₂(mp-1018809) is Molybdenite-like structured and crystallizes in the hexagonal P6₃/mmc space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of two MoS₂ sheets oriented in the (0, 0, 1) direction. Mo⁴⁺ is bonded to six equivalent S²⁻ atoms to form distorted edge-sharing MoS₆ pentagonal pyramids. All Mo-S bond lengths are 2.41 Å. S²⁻ is bonded in a 3-coordinate geometry to three equivalent Mo⁴⁺ atoms.",
"VI₂(mp-1018138) is trigonal omega structured and crystallizes in the trigonal P̅3m1 space group. The structure is two-dimensional and consists of one VI₂ sheet oriented in the (0, 0, 1) direction. V²⁺ is bonded to six equivalent I¹⁻ atoms to form edge-sharing VI₆ octahedra. All V-I bond lengths are 2.86 Å. I¹⁻ is bonded in a distorted T-shaped geometry to three equivalent V²⁺ atoms."
]
